cứu_tinh phúc_tinh
dạ_dày bao_tử
đàn_bà phụ_nữ
văn_học văn_chương
đất_cát đất_đai
non_sông núi_sông
đất_liền lục_địa
đất_nước giang_sơn
đất_sét đất_thó
hải_phận lãnh_hải
hiệp_sĩ hiệp_khách
hậu_bối hậu_sinh
hoàng_tộc hoàng_gia
hoàng_tộc hoàng_thất
học_sinh học_trò
hồn linh_hồn
hồn_vía hồn_phách
hợp_đồng giao_kèo
làng_xóm thôn_ấp
làng_xóm xóm_làng
ba bố
bố cha
mẹ má
bã cặn
bắc bấc
cân kg
lợn heo
nam nồm
vừng mè
bạn bạn_bè
chó chó_má
nhân_tài anh_tài
nhân_tài hào_kiệt
nhà_tù nhà_đá
ngoại_thành ngoại_ô
cỏ cỏ_rả
dân nhân_dân
đất đất_đai
đồn đồn_bốt
gà gà_qué
gậy gậy_gộc
giá giá_cả
giá giá_trị
lính binh_lính
mĩ_viện thẩm_mỹ_viện
màu màu_mè
màu màu_sắc
nam nam_giới
nạn tai_nạn
nữ nữ_giới
quân quân_lính
tội tội_lỗi
tuổi tuổi_tác
máy máy_móc
chồng phu_quân
nghề nghề_nghiệp
vợ phu_nhân
ăn_mày hành_khất
bác_sĩ thầy_thuốc
bênh_xá trạm_xá
bộ_đội chiến_sĩ
bối_cảnh hoàn_cảnh
chính_sách chủ_trương
công_cụ phương_tiện
đàn_ông nam_giới
danh_tiếng tiếng_tăm
đất_nước quốc_gia
địa_ngục âm_phủ
địa_phương khu_vực
điểm_mạnh ưu_điểm
diễn_văn diễn_thuyết
đồ_đạc vật_dụng
đồ_dùng đồ_đạc
đồ_dùng dụng_cụ
dòng_dõi dòng_họ
du_côn côn__đồ
gia_đình gia_quyến
giai_đoạn thời_kì
giáo_sư giảng_viên
giáo_viên nhà_giáo
giấy_tờ giấy_má
hải_phận vùng_biển
hàng_xóm láng_giềng
hoàn_cảnh tình_huống
kết_quả thành_tựu
khán_giả người_xem
không_phận bầu_trời
không_phận vùng_trời
làng_mạc thôn_bản
máy_tính computer
mướp_đắng khổ_qua
mưu_mẹo mưu_kế
năng_lực khả_năng
ngân_hàng nhà_băng
nguyên_nhân lí_do
nhà_máy công_xưởng
nhà_nông nông_dân
nhân_tố yếu_tố
nhiệm_vụ trách_nhiệm
nòng_cốt cốt_cán
phụ_kiện phụ_tùng
phương_pháp cách_thức
quần_chúng công_chúng
quan_điểm lập_trường
quan_điểm quan_niệm
quân_lính quân_sĩ
sao_hôm sao_mai
sổ_tay cẩm_nang
suy_nghĩ tư_duy
tai_nạn tai_hoạ
tài_xế lái_xe
tang_chứng tang_vật
tàu_bay máy_bay
tàu_hoả xe_lửa
thành_tựu thành_quả
thấy_giáo giáo_viên
thầy_giáo nhà_giáo
thầy_thuốc lương_y
thính_giả người_nghe
thời_gian thời_giờ
thôn_xóm làng_bản
thuốc thuốc_men
thuốc thuốc_thang
thương_nhân thương_gia
trách_nhiệm nghĩa_vụ
trần_gian hạ_giới
trẻ_con trẻ_nhỏ
tự_nhiên thiên_nhiên
đậu_tương đậu_nành
Ấn_Độ India
Cửu_Long Mê_kông
Dương_Tử Trường_Giang
Hà_Nội Thăng_Long
Mạc_Tư_Khoa Moscova
Miến_Điện Myanma
Mĩ Hoa_Kì
Philipines Phi_Luật_Tân
Thanh_Hoá xứ_Thanh
Trung_Quốc Trung_Hoa
Úc Australia
Việt_Nam Đại_Việt
Ý Italia
Washington Hao_Thịnh_Đốn
Indonesia Nam_Dương
Hoa_kì Huê_Kì
Trần_Quốc_Tuấn Trần_Hưng_Đạo
Thích_Ca_Mâu_Ni Tất_Đạt_Đa
Quang_Trung Nguyễn_Huệ
Nguyễn_Trãi Ức_Trai
Khổng_Tử Khổng_Khâu